BMP GIF JPEG PNG

0. BMP supports up to 24 (16,777,216 colors) bits of color information with 
8 bits of transparency info.  GIF stores up to 8 bits of color information 
(256 colors).  JPEG can store color info in 8 bit (greyscale), 12 bit (4,096 
colors), or 24 bit blocks.  PNG can record up to 32 bits of color 
information plus transparency info.

1.  Of the four formats listed, only GIF supports animation.

2.  An image file which has been compressed with a lossy algorithm can only
be reconstructed into an approximation of the original image, however it's
resultant file can be much smaller than a file loss-lessly compressed.  That
is to say its compressed code can be reconstructed into exactly the original
image.

3.  All of the formats specified, save JPEG, use lossless compression.  JPEG
allows a user to set how lossy its compression algorithm should be.


MIT Article

4.  When an operating system 'deletes' a file in a FAT file system, it 
really just changes the first character of the file itself to a marker char
signifying its deletion and moves the list of addresses of blocks of memory 
that file had consisted of into its list of free blocks.

5.  If you don't care about reusing the drive you can physically break it
or apply a strong magnetic field to all sectors (even functionally 
necessary ones you don't need to wipe for data security).  If you wish to 
reuse the drive you can write over the blocks which contained the info you
wish to delete with ones or zeroes a few times.  The linked article claims 
this is enough for newer, high track-density drives.  Presumably older 
drives must be overwritten even more times, or with "Guttman Patterns". 


6.  stdint.h defines the width in bits of 8, 16, 32, and sometimes 62 bit 
signed and unsigned integers and defines the largest and smallest implemen-
tations in memory of said integers.

7.  Their type can specify in a struct memory offsets for various variables
for use like variable class declarations in other struct "object" 
definitions.

8.  Respectively, BYTE, DWORD, LONG, and WORD are 1, 4, 4, and 2 bytes wide.
 
9. BM.

10. bfSize denotes the total size in bytes of the bitmap file, bfSize 
denotes the size in bytes of the information header.

11. A negative gfHeight means the lines of pixels are stored in the file 
from top to bottom.

12. biBitCount

13. fopen returns NULL when it fails to open the file in the specified mode
for any reason.

14. The third argument specifies the number of reads of "size" bytes in this
read.  We only want to copy one RGBTRIPLE at a time, so we use its width and
a single read.

15. 3

16. fseek moves a file's (first arg, FILE*) 'seek position' (third arg, int)
offset (second arg, long int) positions forward.

17. SEEK_CUR is an integer representing the current position of the
operating system in a file stream,  SEEK_SET represents the beginning of
that stream.

18. Milo Banana dun it.